We do what we are going to learn about loops, conditional statements in Java.
So basically we are going to learn about this condition, how to use those statements, how to use different
types of loops.
Do loop for new file explorer.
So let's get to the topic with the help of examples and about events for us.
Okay.
So here the hello world class itself.
I'm writing this example in the main method.
Okay.
We will write.
Simple.
As if the condition is true, then.
It will execute.
The blow inside the if curly braces.
Okay, so let's bring something here.
It's Frank.
So.
And if it is false.
If other if it is not true, that is, if it is the condition is not true, then it will execute the
code in between the ethical basis.
Let's stay on tape.
Okay.
Let's execute this.
So yeah, this is how other normal is as well.
Okay, now we have if else if ladder also.
So we can write if as if and then as and we can write a number of conditions here.
Okay.
So if we take an example there or we have three numbers, maybe LC and we want to find the largest one.
Do you see six, chief?
Yeah.
Then we can use it as ladder.
Sure.
So first will be if it is, but it doesn't appear to be.
E and any is greater than or equal to see that means so.
It is the largest number we are predicting, the largest number said.
Now we need to add another condition so we will use as if.
Okay.
Else if B is greater than or equal to E.
And B is greater than.
Or equal to C.
That means B is the largest number.
So B.
And as.
Sees the largest.
Right.
So we are printing C here, which will basically this would bring the largest number.
Now, let us run this one.
Six.
Sony is printing the largest number here.
So this way we can write more conditions in the in the letter.
Okay.
Now let's move on to loops.
First of all learn about for loop you're I'm taking an integer number or four and I want to bring numbers
from 1 to 4.
Okay.
So what I will do is write the four law that in I is equal to one because I want to start my loop from
one and I want to print from 1 to 4.
So that is less than or equal to four.
I'm blessed.
Yes, but it's less than I do because I want to bring forward.
So I just don't want to stop.
So if I want to break one, two, three, that is n minus one, then I will write a list.
Okay.
So here I am writing an article.
And inside that printing value I because will increment I plus will increment the value I with each
iteration.
So I likely knew this how this works, actually.
Okay.
So what will happen for us?
I will be July one.
It will bring the value of I.
That is one.
Then I will increment the value of I to two.
It will check two is less than four.
Let's listen in.
And I mean, listen all internally, so.
Yes.
But then it will bring the value.
If I do it, then I plus plus three of I will be initialized to trainer.
Then it is checking three is less equal to through before then two it will print the value of three.
Then again it will increment the AI to four.
Four is less than two for two.
Again it will bring forward here and then I plus plus it will be fine fine is listening to for false
this condition if false and then it will not increment and we will come outside the forum.
Okay.
So this this is how the look will look.
Let us sit on this example until.
Look, this works, right?
So now.
I'm commenting the school.
You can just go.
Select board and control dash.
I mean, this slash or so it will come out of the code in Java.
Okay then.
See now, same example we want to do.
We want to bring the numbers in.
But instead of following you will use different parties.
We will use are doing okay do certain activities while this condition is doing okay.
So it will keep on doing the activity.
Whatever goal we mentioned inside this goal embraces violence.
The condition is strong.
Once the condition is false, it will not stop this execution and we will come up to.
Okay, so for your what what condition we we have here in mind is.
I just love what I do.
And this is a great.
All right.
But we don't know why, Lou.
I hear they so their destination the desire to.
But here.
I got to buy.
Could.
Then what we want to do inside everyone in the world to find and increment the value of AI here.
Okay.
So this is.
How do I look?
Looks like the code in to cure objective.
The condition is true or false.
If it's true, it will go on printing the number.
She?
Okay.
So this is the we are to use.
Do I look?
Then there is another type of loop that is available.
There.
You right the condition first.
And then is the.
So I is listening to.
And.
But in this new.
Okay.
And increment Detroit.
Now let's comment on this court.
And on this.
See.
So these are most commonly used loops in Java and this is how it works when you want to specify the
condition for the execution.
You can use this and then you want to check the condition or and then you first you check the condition.
I'm with the condition as well.
You can also.
Okay.
So this is about conditional statements if as if a slider.
Oh, you can also use this steady.
So instead, if the condition you can add another condition.
So you can you can make that as a good one also.
So I can show you that if it is that.
We need to add one more condition here.
And here you can add a little else.
That is the end of a three year or else, and it's okay.
So this is also a valid scenario.
Then you want to add another condition inside your if condition.
So that is also possible.
So practise this with different examples so you can find simple coding examples in Java as a problem
statement and you can solve them by utilizing this.
So conditionals and loops.
Okay, so thank you for watching this live move on to the next more.